In Banjoe: Black Banjocore  you play as Ban Joe. He’s a kid looking for his father who went out for milk, when the cows left the world. After leaving, his father gave him the legendary banjo named: Hillmilky. This banjo could do something amazing and really rare; it could play magic infused chords. Even though a lot of music around the world can produce magical melodies, constructing arcane chords is something entirely different.
On the journey of Banjoe, he discovers new chords to aid him in finding his father. Ranging from chords that can turn an enemy into an ally, to chords that easily can make the body of its target disappear as if it never existed in the first place.

Chapter 0: The Milk Incident
“Our world is missing something essential… something crucial to the human body. A core source of life that has left us… Milk…

When the cows left our lives, we sought refuge in other types. Goat, sheep, soy, oat, nut and so on and so on… but it wasn’t the same…” - John Joe, Father of Ban Joe

The cows left the world with one of the most valuable human resources, and when the humans tried to replace milk with other substitutes, they realized that nothing could replace perfection. So when the worst came to worst, fathers around the world were tasked with searching for the cows and, hopefully one day, returning milk to the world. 






Chapter 1: Ban Joe
The sounds of chickens, cows and other farm animals were so common for him, that the first night he was forced to leave his home, he couldn’t sleep. After losing his mother to severe milk loss, he started to feel lonely. His father had an important job before The Search, he was a farmer, but also a government official and one can imagine that even before a disaster such as The Milk Incident occurred, the officials would still be incredibly busy. The only one Banjoe had when his father was on the job was his mother, Mama Joe... He was a kid that had no idea about where he was going to be when he became an adult. Him and a long time friend of his, Tie, used to spend a lot of their time together, but shortly after the milk incident, he disappeared from his life as well, leaving him alone.

Chapter 2: Hillmilky
Searching around the house for answers, Banjo finds memorabilia from his past. Framed photos of his family, woodworking projects done with his father, and so many more things that make Banjoe feel melancholic. Through various things, he hears a sound. “Burrrinngg” It sounded like something Banjoe has heard before. He scavenges through the stuff and finds a Banjo, though its strings were broken, he knew that this instrument was valuable. When picking it up, he feels a shock in his body. This was the first time he has ever felt something like this, but not the last…

After restringing this mysterious banjo, it starts to shake lightly. A light starts to appear from the Banjo and after shining for a short moment, the light fades. “Hillmilky” was engraved into the back of the fretboard. After seeing this name, Banjoe tries to remember something that his father told him about this banjo. After staring at it for an hour he remembers the sentence “Do not touch this banjo. It is way out of your skill level, and you should never ever even look at it for too long.” 
